---
title: 'Day 659: Padoru Padoru'
date: '2021-12-25T12:00:00-07:00'
tags: ['COVID-19']
draft: false
summary: 'Christmas in quarantine.'
---

Merry Xmas folks! [Obligatory Futurama Refererence]

Guess I haven't updated this blog in a while. Over the past 5 months, I've been
busy with a few things.

# Apartment Move

In August, my parents came over from Canada to visit me and to help me move. As
I had discussed previously, I had wanted to move to a different apartment unit
because studio I was renting was too cramped, especially for WFH. I'd say that
the move was mostly successful... I somehow lost my SD cards containing 6 years
worth of photos. Luckily, I found the SD cards yesterday in a lunch box along
with some old **Detective Pikachu** Pokémon cards. Overall, August was okay
aside from the COVID-19 Delta Variant taking hold of the world.

<img src="/static/images/blog/2021-12-25___day-659-padoru-padoru/padoru_padoru.jpg" />

# LeetCode

The primary reason why I haven't updated this blog in a while is because I have
been busy preparing for job interviews. Since 2015, I've been working with the
same team on the same projects. The reason why I stayed on the same team for so
long is because I wanted some stability after my really hectic university days.
I also liked the folks that I worked with. I wouldn't describe the work I do as
particularly easy, but after 6 years, I was getting kind of bored.

Between September and early November, I've been busy grinding problems in \***\*Cracking the Coding Interview\*\*** and \***\*LeetCode\*\***. Turns out that I had
forgotten a lot of the fundamentals since I last interviewed 7 years ago. I
think I'm better prepared now compared to back then. I can now implement Radix
Sort, though Dynamic Programming still eludes me somewhat...

I ended up failing my interviews with a certain company; however, I was able to
pass my interviews for a different team at my current workplace. Funny enough, I
think my experience with system software development prepared me better for the
interviews that I passed than Cracking the Coding Interview and LeetCode.

# December

This month has mostly been a month of nothing. During this time, most folks are
OOF for the holidays, so work grinds to a halt. I decided to take 3 weeks off.
Around this time, a new COVID-19 Omicron Variant was discovered and is quickly
spreading. As a result, I decided not to book a flight back to Canada to visit
my parents.

## Vacation

First week of vacation was pretty good. I got my COVID-19 booster vaccine. Also
saw **Sword Art Online Progressive: Aria of a Starless Night**, **Eternals**,
and **Spider-Man: No Way Home** in theatres. Sword Art Online Progressive and
Spider- Man were particularly good. Eternals lacked character development.

The second week has been pretty boring so far. I've been binge-watching **South
Park** on HBO Max and playing **Pokémon HeartGold Version** (which is
surprisingly challenging compared to more recent Pokémon main series titles).

I really do miss seeing my family and friends in Canada. Hopefully, the COVID-19
pandemic reaches some sort of steady-state in 2022 so that I can go visit them.
