---
title: 'Day 452: Pokémon Platinum is Slow'
date: '2021-06-01T00:12:00-07:00'
tags: ['COVID-19']
draft: false
summary: 'A year and a half in quarantine and Pokémon Platinum performance.'
---

It's finally June! A year and a half has been burnt waiting for this dreaded
pandemic to be over.

Not much has changed since my previous post. I'm still stuck in my apartment
more or less. Since I'm fully vaccinated now, I have started to wander into
grocery stores more frequently. A few days ago, I even renewed my Costco
membership. I also met up with coworkers for a game night a few weeks ago,
though admittedly, the event made me realize how much of an introvert I am.
Boring stuff...

One thing I did realize is that I haven't had to deal with peer pressure in
quite a while... maybe I'll talk about that someday...

## Work

At work, I think I may have managed to get my lock optimizations for a certain
component into some sort of a working state. Previously, this component had a
lock that was used to synchronize access to multiple resoures. I ended up
splitting this lock into a couple smaller locks. So far, it appears to have
improved the responsiveness of queries. Unfortunately, the changes ended up
being quite massive, so I expect that the code review will be quite nasty.

## Home

At home, I recently received a lease renewal letter 3 months before my current
lease is slated to end. For the past 3 years, I've been living in a 516 sqft
apartment unit. When I chose this apartment unit, my desire was to save on rent.
The rent in King County can be quite expensive! Unfortunately, when I moved into
the apartment unit 3 years ago, I realized on the first day that it was a bit
too cramped for all my belongings. This is sort of an argument for minimalism,
but I digress. Having stayed in this apartment unit for 3 years through numerous
good and bad experiences, I think it may finally be time for a change. As a
result, I've started looking for a new apartment unit.

<img src="/static/images/blog/2021-06-01___day-452-pokemon-platinum-is-slow/apartment-unit.jpeg" />

## Pokémon Platinum

Aside from trying to find a new apartment, I've also been trying to get back
into video games. Recently, I've been playing Pokémon Platinum, a game from 12
years ago. My goal with this playthrough of Pokémon Platinum is to beat the
Elite Four, become the Champion, and capture all the legendary Pokémon
accessible in the game (including event legendaries such as Darkrai, Shaymin,
and Arceus). In order to capture event legendaries, I'll be using Action Replay
cheat codes to enable the events, since these events are no longer available or
were never distributed to begin with (e.g., Azure Flute event). Since Regigiggas
requires Regice, Regirock, and Registeel to be transferred from Pokémon Ruby,
Sapphire, or Emerald, I've also started playing Pokémon Emerald again (a game
from 16 years ago).

### HP Bar Animation Speed

Playing Pokémon Platinum, one of the things that hasn't aged well in my opinion
is the 30 fps gameplay and the slow-as-molasses HP bar animation. For whatever
reason, the speed of the HP bar animation in generation 4 Pokémon games (i.e.,
Diamond, Pearl, Platinum, HeartGold, SoulSilver) appears to be scaled to the HP
of the Pokémon (more HP implies slower HP bar animation). This behavior can make
Pokémon battles feel very drawn out. What's odd is that games from generation 3
and generations after 4 of Pokémon do not exhibit this strange quirk. The fact
that this quirk is present in Pokémon Platinum, HeartGold, and SoulSilver (these
games were released after Diamond and Pearl) makes me question whether this
behavior was by design.

<div class="grid grid-cols-3 gap-4 content-start">
  <img src="/static/images/blog/2021-06-01___day-452-pokemon-platinum-is-slow/pkmn-platinum-screenshot-1.png" />
  <img src="/static/images/blog/2021-06-01___day-452-pokemon-platinum-is-slow/pkmn-platinum-screenshot-2.png" />
  <img src="/static/images/blog/2021-06-01___day-452-pokemon-platinum-is-slow/pkmn-platinum-screenshot-3.png" />
</div>
