---
title: 'Forest Fire Hell'
date: '2022-10-15T18:51:00-07:00'
tags: ['Post-COVID']
draft: false
summary: 'A post-COVID update.'
---

It's been a while since I've last updated this blog. It's been ~2.5 years since
the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. With the availability of COVID-19 vaccines,
we are effectively entering a post-COVID era. A lot has changed since then.

# Professional

Late 2021, I interviewed with Google and with the Hyper-V team at Microsoft.
The intent was to get some interview practice, since I hadn't interviewed in
6 years. I ended up failing the Google interview (again), maybe from not
getting enough sleep the night before. Somehow, I ended up passing the
interview with the Hyper-V team at Microsoft, though I suspect part of it has
to do with having prior experience on the Core OS team (my old team is
literally down the hallway from Hyper-V).

I did end up taking the offer from the Hyper-V team at Microsoft. Motivating
factor was because I felt I had learned all I could on my old team. Since my
old team is literally down the hallway from my current team, I still keep in
regular contact with them, which is quite nice since there are a lot of super
talented folks over in the Storage team that I bother for help from time to
time.

Since joining the Hyper-V team, I've probably learned more this year ramping up
on Hyper-V than I did in the last ~2.5 years in quarantine. Prior to joining
Hyper-V, I thought all VM technologies (e.g., Hyper-V, VirtualBox, etc.) run on
top of the host. Turns out that with Hyper-V, rather than VMs running on top of
the host, the host and VMs actually run on top of a baremetal hypervisor. The
hypervisor implemented by Hyper-V is known as a type-1 hypervisor. I've also
learned about optimizations such as NUMA locality and ring buffers, which were
rarely if ever discussed on my old team or in my university operating systems
course. With NUMA locality, it is usually faster to access memory from the same
NUMA node as the current processor, which certain drivers and frameworks
leverage to eke out performance. Meanwhile, ring buffers in kernel mode can be
mapped into user mode to avoid cost of double buffering for performance
sensitive workloads. There's still a lot I need to ramp up on. It still boggles
my mind that virtual machines are a thing.

# Hobbies

Outside of work, I've been doing a lot of retro gaming. During the COVID-19
pandemic, I compiled and sideloaded emulators on my iPhone to play retro games.
Unfortunately, the iPhone is super restrictive when it comes to sideloading.
Ordinarily, sideloaded apps are not allowed on iPhone except for development
purposes. And these in-development sideloaded apps are only valid for a week
unless you subscribe to an iOS developer account, where the time limit is
increased to a year. Android has no such limitation. Due to these and other
restrictions with the iOS platform, certain emulators are straight up not
available for iOS.

As a result, I recently decided to puchase a Samsung Galaxy S22 just for retro
gaming. The US version of the Samsung Galaxy S22 comes with the Qualcomm
Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 ARM64 CPU. I've paired it with the Razer Kishi V2. Overall,
it's quite a nice setup for portable retro gaming. It's pretty cool how
powerful mobile SoCs have gotten over the years. Back in 2011, this would not
have been possible. My laptop at the time could barely emulate GameCube.

I also considered the possibility of getting the Steam Deck or Ayaneo Air, but
battery life was a concern. Also, those two systems were backordered for months
at that time.

# Canada

## Toronto, ON

On July 2022, I went back to Toronto to visit my friends and family. There was
a nasty heat wave across Canada and the US at the time. Otherwise, it was nice
seeing family and friends in Canada after ~2.5 years away due to COVID-19.

<img src="/static/images/blog/2022-10-15___forest-fire-hell/sunflower.JPG" />
<img src="/static/images/blog/2022-10-15___forest-fire-hell/lake-wilcox.jpg" />
<img src="/static/images/blog/2022-10-15___forest-fire-hell/toronto-skyline.jpg" />

## Vancouver, BC

On Labor Day weekend September 2022, I went to visit Vancouver, BC. My
intention was to spend the weekend taking photos. Ended up spending most of the
time with my uncle's younger brother's family. Was still a very good weekend
except for the fact that Greyhound cancelled my return trip without notifying
me or refunding my ticket. Had to take a return trip with Amtrak the next day
and missed a day of work. Guess I did save on Taxi/Uber from Seattle back to
Redmond, so wasn't too bad I guess.

<img src="/static/images/blog/2022-10-15___forest-fire-hell/cruise-ship.jpg" />
<img src="/static/images/blog/2022-10-15___forest-fire-hell/digital-whale.jpg" />
<img src="/static/images/blog/2022-10-15___forest-fire-hell/science-center.jpg" />

# Forest Fires

Since September 2022, forest fires have been raging in Washington State and
Oregon. Air quality in Redmond, WA has been moderate to unhealthy. Doesn't help
that it hasn't rained in ages, which is kind of odd for Seattle this time of
year. Hoping that the forest fires come to an end soon, as I would like to
return to outdoor jogging. Using the elliptical just isn't the same...

<img src="/static/images/blog/2022-10-15___forest-fire-hell/aqi.PNG" />
